# PHP File Usage Guide
## Purpose

This PHP file uses services from `VifoServiceFactory` to perform banking, money transfer and other requests. The following guide provides detailed information on how to use and understand the functions of the code.

## Requirements
- **PHP**: Version 7.4 or higher.
- **Composer**: Installed and configured to load dependencies.
## Installation
You can install the library directly with composer:

composer require api_vifo/vf_api_document_money_order dev-main
## Code Structure
### 1. Import Classes and Requirements Automatically
```php
use App\Services\VifoServiceFactory;
require 'vendor/autoload.php';

2.Login
$test = new VifoServiceFactory('*');
$test->login('username', 'password');

3.Prepare data

3.1  Get List of available Banks:
$bank = $test->getHeaderBank();
$bank->getBank();

3.2 Get NAPAS Beneficiary Name:
$bank->getBeneficiaryName();

4.Create Transfer Money API:
$transfer = $test->getHeadereTransferMone();
$data = $transfer->createTransferMoney();

5.Bulk Approve Transfer Money API

 $app = $test->ApproveTransferMoney();    $app->approveTransfers($data);
 *Log back in with admin account: To approve bulk transfer requests.
*If there is transfer data: Perform bulk approval of transfer requests using ApproveTransferMoney and approveTransfers methods.

6.Webhook to inform the result of transfer / pay out request
$webhook = new Webhook();
$webhook->handle($data, $signature, $requestSignature);

*$data: This is a variable that holds data from the webhook you receive from an external service or application.
*$signature: This is a variable containing a digital signature generated by the webhook service to authenticate the integrity and origin of the data.
*$requestSignature: This is the variable that holds the signature that you calculate in your application to compare with the signature sent from the webhook service ($signature)

7. Others request
$otherRequest =  $test->OtherRequest();
$otherRequest->checkOrderStatus($data);
*$data: is a variable that contains the information needed to perform order status checks."# VIFO_api_document_money_order"  
"# VIFO_api_document_money_order" 
"# VIFO_api_money_order1" 
